Added docs to reflect dotnet/corefx#36085 (#28844)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/additional-tools/xml-serializer-generator.md

> - Added a class and an XmlSerializer.
> - Built and ran the application.

## Further customize XML serialization assembly (optional)

> Add this to your *MyApp.csproj* to further customize assembly generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following XML to your *MyApp.csproj* to further customize assembly generation:
```
